realtime: clarify number of connections used by realtime (#38980)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/realtime/concepts.mdx

### Database connections

> Realtime uses several database connections to perform various operations. Some of these connections are configurable through [Realtime Settings](/docs/guides/realtime/settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Realtime uses several database connections to perform various operations. You can configure some of these connections through [Realtime Settings](/docs/guides/realtime/settings).
```
